fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/recipes/plugin-or-service.mdx

---

> title: 'Plugin or Service? — wasmCloud Capabilities'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Plugin or Service? — wasmCloud Capabilities'
sidebar_label: 'Plugin or Service?'
```

> ---
> title: 'Plugin or Service? — wasmCloud Capabilities'
> description: 'Choose between a wasmCloud host plugin and a service to add capabilities — trade-offs, hard constraints, and a decision framework for your WebAssembly app.'
> ---
> 
> This recipe gives you a framework for choosing between two ways of providing capabilities to a wasmCloud application: extending the host with a [plugin](../overview/hosts/plugins.mdx), or shipping a [service](../overview/workloads/services.mdx) inside the workload. The two are not interchangeable&mdash;each has hard constraints that rule it out in some situations, and softer trade-offs in the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Plugin or Service? — wasmCloud Capabilities'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'Plugin or Service?'
description: 'Choose between a wasmCloud host plugin and a service to add capabilities — trade-offs, hard constraints, and a decision framework for your WebAssembly app.'
---

# Plugin or Service?

This recipe gives you a framework for choosing between two ways of providing capabilities to a wasmCloud application: extending the host with a [plugin](../overview/hosts/plugins.mdx), or shipping a [service](../overview/workloads/services.mdx) inside the workload. The two are not interchangeable&mdash;each has hard constraints that rule it out in some situations, and softer trade-offs in the rest.
```
